NMS-13529: Move ticketer to reference section (#3649)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/configuration/ticketing/ticketer/jira.adoc

[[ref-ticketing-jira]]
= Jira Ticketing Plugin

The Jira ticketing plugin creates JIRA issues in response to {page-component-title} alarms.

[[ref-ticketing-jira-setup]]
== Setup

> First, you need to install the `opennms-plugin-ticketer-jira` package for your system.

Reviewer: For consistency with other pages to install additional packages:
```suggestion
To install the opennms-plugin-ticketer-jira package:

* For RPM-based distributions:
** `yum install opennms-plugin-ticketer-jira`
* For Debian-based distributions:
** `apt-get install opennms-plugin-ticketer-jira`

```

[options="header"]
[cols="1,3"]
|===
| Type
| Description

| any
| Any string

| date

> | Any date in the format of YYYY-MM-DD

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Any date in the format YYYY-MM-DD
```
